What if we don't find Bill Ward
before he releases the virus?
ADINA: We have to find him...
...or we have no future.
BILL: Listen, you’ve got
to get her to my old lab
so that I can extract the virus.
You killed Ash?
If you love me,
then you'll let me go.
Sacha!
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
They travelled back in time to get here.
They travelled through time.
Here. Professor Bill Ward, London.
We should go find your professor.
So are we extracting this thing
from my blood, or what?
Did you know?
Sacha killed Ash.
He's my son.
Maybe I've always known
what he was like.
(SIGHS)
Didn't want to believe it.
He said it was an accident.
(CHLOE CHUCKLES)
When Sacha was eight,
a friend gave me a kitten.
It was so cute.
Sacha never liked it.
I think he was jealous.
And, one day I couldn't find the kitten.
I went to the bathroom,
I opened the lid of the toilet,
and the kitten was in there...
Under the water.
It had drowned.
I kept telling myself
this was an accident,
but it wasn't. I knew.
I could see it in Sacha's eyes.
He killed it.
I love my son.
But sometimes he scares me.
(WRITING)
Sacha.
(SIGHS)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
Won't you talk to me?
I know that you blame me for everything.
Maybe I should have
made different choices.
Maybe I should've told you the truth
about your father.
I didn't want to think about it.
I couldn't.
I just want you to know that everything
I did, I did because I love you.
I'll always love you, no matter what.
Mum?
How did you know I was here?
I knew you would want
to be close to Emily.
Does she talk about me?
Sacha, you have to
stop lying to yourself.
She knows you killed Ash.
We're going to be together.
We're going to have a baby.
Sacha.
Mum, I've seen it.
(COCKS GUN)
Move.
Let him go.
He deserves to die for what he did.
He is my son.
(EXHALES)
BILL: We know that the virus works.
It's shut down your body's
production of insulin.
But we need to combine it with a vector.
Why?
So that you can infect the aliens.
They trust you.
You can get close to them
and then we let the virus do its thing.
You mean, kill them all?
Yes.
We know that we're asking a lot of you.
Think about your family.
What about them?
Their families?
You have to decide
what's most important to you.
Okay.
What will it do?
BILL: Well, the vector itself
is harmless...
It's just a means of getting the virus
into the alien's genome.
Bill?
All done.
When do I go and infect them?
We have to wait and see
if the vector works.
We should know...
We should know fairly soon.
Emily.
I wish that what happened
between us was different.
Me too.
That was easier
than I thought it would be.
Well...
She either wipes out an entire race
or they wipe out her family.
Not much of a choice.
(PANTING)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
I'll go first and cover you.
Move fast.
Come on.
Shit.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EXHALES)
No! He'll see you.
Sophia, go!
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
Go...go...go...go!
(PANTING)
Go, go.
We should wait to make sure
they've gone.
I'll watch the stairs.
You should rest.
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
Are you okay?
It would have been
Mum's birthday today.
You were always better
at remembering birthdays than me.
Do you ever think how...
...our lives would have been different
if Mum and Dad hadn't died?
I used to.
There didn't seem any point.
There doesn't always have to be a point.
Maybe you would have been the screw up
and I would've been the clever one.
Don't say that. You're not a screw up.
I'll see if there's some food.
You always change the subject
when I talk about the past.
I don't always change the subject.
When they died I didn't know what to do.
I thought I had to be strong for you.
I kept telling myself, "Don't cry.
Don't cry. Don't cry."
I pushed my feelings so far down...
...until I stopped feeling
anything at all.
See. It's me who's really screwed up.
Then I guess that makes me
the smart one.
I guess so.
(BABY CRYING)
He was crying.
Kept waking the others.
I hate to hear him cry.
You're thinking
about the babies you lost.
We had to kill every single one of them.
Nothing we do would change that.
You feel love for him.
I want to raise him as my own.
When he's older, what if he learns that
we killed his parents?
Killed all of his people?
He'll hate me for it.
He's one of us now.
Because he carries our mark.
We tell ourselves
we're different to them.
I'm not sure
I see the difference any more.
We're supposed to hate
everything about them.
I like their music.
I think you can like their music.
You can love their children.
(BABY GURGLING)
ISLA: I should've killed Bill Ward.
Would've been over.
REUBEN: You were hurt.
You didn't have a chance to kill him.
You shouldn't blame yourself.
(THUD)
SARAH: Sorry.
It's from Tom's birthday party,
when Helen and I went shopping.
Seems crazy now.
Em?
I feel really weird.
The insulin shouldn't have worn off yet.
You've got a temperature.
I'll get Bill.
Emily?
Emily!
When did you start to feel unwell?
-I'm not sure.
-SARAH: What's happening to her?
BILL: It's probably her immune system
reacting to the vector.
We'll take some blood, run a few tests.
BILL: I took a sample of Emily's blood.
The virus has become
much more aggressive.
So it should spread through the aliens
before they can do anything about it.
We can't replace her insulin
fast enough. It's killing her.
ZOE: You said she'd be okay.
She's pregnant.
You're sure?
I found traces of HCG in her blood.
Jesus...
BILL: It's compromising
her immune system.
We're going to kill her.
Her and her baby.
And I feel really terrible about that.
Do you?
Yes.
How soon until we can send her
to infect them?
I know this is hard for you,
but you need to focus on the mission.
Fuck you.
And fuck your mission.
How soon until we can send her to them?
She's already infectious.
(QUANTUM WEB PULSING)
It will keep her alive.
You should've let me die.
I couldn't.
This reminds me
of when you had your tonsils out.
-I don't remember that.
-You were only little.
You ate nothing but ice cream
and jelly for a week.
I'd kill for some ice cream.
What they're asking you to do,
infect the aliens...
You don't have to.
Yes, I do.
They won't hurt me.
I'm doing it for you...
For Dad and Tom...
Everyone.
I'm so proud of you.
Oh.
Just going to draw some more blood.
-I can come back.
-It's fine.
What did you do to her?
BILL: I'm... I'm just taking some blood.
Sacha.
He made you sick again.
It's just her immune system
reacting to the vector. It won't last.
He's lying.
You shouldn't be here.
If Kariem finds you, he'll kill you.
BILL: She's right.
If you don't say why she's sick,
I'll shoot you in the head...
I told you! It's her immune system
reacting to the vector.
-No, you're lying!
-It's the truth.
It's because you're preg...
Pregnant.
You didn't know?
SARAH: Is that what's making her sick?
It's contributing to it, yes.
No, he's lying.
He knows what he did.
-Tell me!
-EMILY: Sacha, don't.
SARAH: Put the gun down.
What's happening to her?
BILL: Her pregnancy
has made the virus...
much more aggressive.
What would it do to me?
It's gonna kill you.
You pro... You promised.
You promised she'd be okay.
I'm so sorry, Sarah.
It wasn't supposed to be like this.
Okay? I have to take you to their ships.
They can save you. We've seen it.
You're not taking her.
SACHA: The aliens, they will help her.
You want her to die?
Mum, it's okay.
SARAH: No...
You have to...
...let me go.
-You can walk?
-I don't know.
You won't make it on your own.
Mum, you can't.
SARAH: I'm coming with you.
What about him?
He'll have to live with
what he's done.
(BILL GRUNTS)
Sacha, don't!
(EXHALES)
(MUSIC BOX CHIMING)
(CHIMING STOPS)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
They've gone.
Bill, what happened?
Where are they? Where's Emily?
Sacha, he took her.
He took her to the aliens.
Why?
He thinks they can help her.
Sarah went with them.
Where are they?
Where are they going?
I don't know.
They can't have gone far.
Emily, Emily will infect them
with the virus.
The aliens will die.
She knew what she was doing.
You have to let her go.
SARAH: They're never gonna
just let us take her on there.
You should go back.
I'm not leaving her.
I kept my promise, Helen.
I did it for you.
For everyone.
Put down your guns!
You put your guns down.
Maybe we should all put them down.
Why are you here?
We're looking for Professor Bill Ward.
Why?
Is he here?
Why are you looking for him?
We come from the observatory
in Grenoble, in the French Alps.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
I recognise you.
She's a woman who discovered the signal.
I saw her on TV.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
It's you?
Bill Ward, he's here? He's alive?
ZOE: Bill.
There's someone here to see you.
You're Bill Ward?
Yes.
My name is Dr Catherine Durand.
We came all the way from the observatory
in Grenoble to find you.
I hope you're worth it.
(EMILY PANTING)
No, no, no, no! Don't shoot!
Don't shoot!
It's you.
She was on our ship.
What's wrong with her?
She's sick.
I saw you in my head.
You were helping us.
Where is Bill Ward?
-You can't tell him.
-REUBEN: Do you know where he is?
They'll kill everyone.
Tell me where he is and I will help you.
Drop your gun!
Drop it.
If you don't help my daughter,
I'm going to kill you.
Tell me where Bill Ward is.
We have to tell him.
I will kill you.
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GASPS)
(WHIMPERS)
EMILY: (SOBBING) Mum? Mum...
(PANTING)
-(SOBBING) Mum?
-He's at the university.
EMILY: Mum?
No!
Come on, help her.
(SOBBING CONTINUES)
It belonged to the alien who came
to the observatory looking for you.
I don't understand all of it.
All the questions
we've been asking ourselves about them.
Why they're human?
Why they hate us?
How they understand
so much about our physiology?
It gave me the answer.
What is it?
They travelled through time.
They look like us because they are us,
from the future.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
How are you?
You feeling okay?
I'm just tired.
You can rest now.
We found him.
CATHERINE: He believed you could
help him to change things.
How?
If you follow it, I think there's
some sort of pathway to the past.
But...
But what part of the past?
I don't know.
Put her in.
You killed my mum.
It was the only way to save you.
I did it for you.
It'll keep her alive.
You should have let me die.
I couldn't.
Mum shouldn't have gone with her.
She shouldn't have gone.
She had to.
She'd do anything for you and Em.
CHLOE: I should make the beds
for the new people.
You don't have to do that.
I gotta do something,
or I'm going to go crazy.
(GUNSHOT)
-(GROANS)
-JONATHAN: Chloe...
Pack up everything you need.
I'll meet you back here.
Come on.
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
(WHIRRING)
Shit.
-You okay?
-Yeah. Thank you.
(QUADRUPED APPROACHING)
(GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE)
(GRUNTS)
How did you find us?
The boy.
He was trying to save Emily.
Where is she?
On one of our ships.
I know she's infected with the virus.
Isla told me.
That ship will leave Earth
and take them far away.
You failed. My people will live.
Your virus will never infect us.
ZOE: Bill?
(QUANTUM WEB PULSING)
SACHA: What is happening?
REUBEN: Help me.
Quickly!
Quickly, go, go!
Come on!
(QUADRUPED APPROACHING)
(PANTING)
(CLANGING)
What are you doing?
(EXPLOSION)
-(GRUNTS)
-(QUADRUPED APPROACHING)
Where are you taking us?
No!
BILL: Emily!
They knew.
They knew she was infected.
I think she's on that ship.
I should have tried to stop them.
There's nothing you could have done.
(SIGHS)
(NATHAN SPEAKING FRENCH)
The virus is gone.
You think we had a wasted journey?
It's starting to feel that way.
Sometimes I think my son was cursed
from the day he was born.
How do you mean?
Sacha inherited muscular dystrophy,
from his father.
Sacha has muscular dystrophy?
What is it?
The...
The aliens had a mutation
in their dystrophin gene.
They had muscular dystrophy.
What are you saying?
It...
It's probably just a coincidence.
These creatures, they won't hurt him.
They always leave him alone.
Same with Emily.
When we were searching
Jonathan's family,
he knew Emily was still alive.
-How?
-I don't know, he...
He said he could feel it.
He can hear them.
So can Emily.
Why is it just them?
Do you think they are ever coming back?
I don't know.
ADINA: You blame me
for sending the ship into space.
I had no choice.
Reuben would have infected us all.
He died so we might live.
What will become of Emily and the boy?
They have access
to all the knowledge of our people.
The Mechanicals will care for them.
Everything they need
to survive is on the ship.
Catherine,
I know how their race started.
What do you mean?
It was Emily and Sacha.
They are the Adam and Eve
of the alien race. It was always them.
(BABY CRYING)
He has muscular dystrophy.
She has Stargardt's disease.
It was their genes that caused
the genetic mutations.
Their descendants are the ones
who have come back through time.
Hundreds, maybe thousands of years
later, they were coming home.
Everything that's happened
has led to this moment,
when Sacha and Emily got on that ship.
That's why Micah developed
a pathway to the past.
He knew it was the only way
to change what happened.
Do you know how to access it?
Do you know how it works?
No.
Even if we did,
we don't know where it leads.
And we don't know
what to change if we got there.
A man called Victor told me
I needed to have faith.
Maybe we both do.
(PANTING)
ISLA: What is it?
It's Emily.
She's more important
than we ever realized.
Everything that's happened,
is because of us.
We can stop it.
How?
You have to kill me.